hello this video is the answer for the channel
vinny new dozen of the best fine knives
year 2013
10 place I have a knife firm
opinel number 10 stainless steel and in
one of these better category knives
will return the budget conveniently wooden
the hilt and the price there is up to 15 dollars very
good knife tenth place ninth
place the knife which probably do not need for
performance is a rat everyone knows
one of the first knives my rings and how on
iru many good
holding a knife but this year I eat no longer
enjoyed from this ninth place 9
place gets knife firm kirsha model
called asus view special flight
textured solder very so good
holding
deep squat recess and what's the plus
this knife is relative
small handle size
Now if we compare it to our rat
length effectively cutting edge total
only 5 millimeters less than
i.e. it is a good daytime cutter with it
so concave descents thin seats
great legs and 8th 7th place unless
you place
mini crowbar such a small tank
benchmade 755 m 390 titanium frame g10
despite the fact that shoes due to steel
cuts just gorgeous reliable
tested in many situations
but never let down the only one
complaints about the peg that was here
native
he will be with manners and knows
cone-shaped and have a finger opening
we did not slide off you
I cured it by replacing the back
I took it that someone from the gunza in my
710 changed the court became perfect and here
now it's a good good 755
at 6 place knife firm victorinox
herculez models I had a lot
fixes but this is water for me
best best first
big rarely fixed secondly
tool ratios and widths
The handles here are optimal
responsibly he is quite comfortable in veils
and there are quite a lot of all kinds
tooling and type affectionate pliers
big screwdriver
scissors small crosshead screwdriver
well flat screwdriver garden shirt for
bottles of advantages can opener
the saw is also still present here though
In principle, I do not use it, but it is 10 plus
that stitched tweezers and a toothpick
this is the sixth place so the top five
My Legend Knife Begins
buck 110 of the first, too, we even
reliable charismatic kind of stand
put down 420 harbor plans have
take something there is a jump but pokamis
simple 110 this place 4 place
entertaining spider to
enduro will be 189 so I want
say that if there was here
some other steel then maybe he
second or third place would take this
I only have availability
far not my favorite steel
stained from the air terribly annoying
when sharpened your leg perfectly
acute sweat literally
some product and all of you already
check and water and he's all microscopes
terribly sings and there is generally great
thin light knife big blade something
place third place also not less
popular big knife
551 reptiles page 47
great knife cutter comfortable handle and
third place in second place in
me
mile with a 33 at the center of the machine 30
cool knife g10 so cling to
hand and glove at work
hunky knife cool second place so
as for the first place
then everything is not clear I'm sure that he
can adjust today will be none
even in
in tenth place in the ranking but not
less this for half a year already my
favorite knife so happened that I was long
I was looking for a knife to grow it with
suit portfolio so he did not kill
some kind of cautious people
relationship when you get born in
any flight and chose for myself
such a spider to vallotton sap help for
with 30 on the blade the rest of the battle old
polished then polished g10 shoes 4
millimeter but due to the starts of the concave
means and are satisfied with subtle information he
Excellent holds and here are the last six months
this is my favorite husband
Well, this is probably all my
ten
all coming holidays with a new
Merry Christmas
thanks for watching goodbye